So we can now use codecs inside of cloud
code. OpenAI has made it. So the number
one competitor to Opus 4.6 is now
something you can use inside of the
anthropic ecosystem. And this is great
news for all cloud code enjoyers,
especially if you're someone who has
been struggling with usage rates because
frankly Codeex gives you a way better
bang for your buck in terms of dollar to
credit/tokens. And so in this video, I'm
going to show you how to set it up. And
we're going to go through what Codex can
actually do with the Claude code harness
on top of it. And more importantly, what
we can do using Claude Code with Opus
4.6 and Codex together, right? How can
we play these two models off one another
to get a sum that is greater than their
parts? Now, before we do the install,
let's do a quick overview of what the
Cloud Code plug-in brings us because
there's a few things. Now the two most
important things I would argue are the
code reviews, right? The ability to
essentially have it take a look at
something Opus has written and that goes
in two stages. First of all, we have the
standard codeex review which is just,
you know, kind of a neutral review. You
know, it's taking a look. It's just read
only. The second one is adversarial
review, which I love. So this is
essentially telling Codex like, hey,
take a look at what Opus have built or
what any coding agent has built, but
have a very discerning eye. like kind of
assume they screwed up and figure out
what we can do to make it better. So,
this is an awesome way to really improve
our outputs because one of the issues
with Opus and really a lot of AI models
in general is they tend to do a bad job
of evaluating all their own code. This
is something Enthropic talked about in
their engineering blog that got released
last week. So, something like adversary
review, perfect, love this. Other than
that, we can also use codeex rescue
which allows us to have codeex create
something all on its own just like you
would do with opus inside of cloud code
and then beyond that just kind of like
some status stuff like you know taking a
look at where it where it is in its
particular job. So let's dive into this
and take a look at the install. Now to
install this is pretty simple. You're
just going to run this command to add it
to the marketplace and I'll have all
these commands down in the description.
And then you're going to run this plugin
command to install it. Codex at openai-c
usual ask where you want to install it.
I'm going to do user scope. And then we
just need to reload the plugins to get
it up and working. And then lastly, we
want to run codeex colon setup. In case
you didn't realize, there's also a
GitHub repo for this, which also goes
over all of the install command. So I'll
link that in the description as well.
And the usage rates are tied to your
chat GPT account, even if you're on the
free account, apparently. So just
understand it's going to be pulling from
your codeex usage. It's going to ask if
you want to install Codeex. Yes. For
that, you log in and that will send you
to the browser where it runs you through
the authentication process. Now, there's
really two obvious use cases for this
Codeex tool inside of Cloud Code. The
first one is dealing with the usage
limits inside of Cloud Code. Normally,
if you're on the pro plan with Anthropic
or the 5X Max, you can hit those limits
very quickly, especially with some of
the CLI bugs we've been seeing in the
last week. If that's the case, what you
might want to do is use Opus 4.6 six to
plan and codeex to execute. And to do
that, again, very simple. You're just
going to do codeex rescue. And then from
there, you're going to give it the
prompt. And you can also specify a whole
bunch of things like you see all the
flags here, including the effort level
and all that. And remember, codeex, the
model is very solid. And again, the
usage isn't even close to what anthropic
charges. But I think the more
interesting use case is what I talked
about earlier, and that's the
adversarial review. So, let's put that
to the test. So, I'm going to have it
take a look at my Twitter
engagement/ressearchbot.
This is the web app I had Claude Code
build. Essentially, what it does is it
scans tweets in the AI space for every
like 30 to 45 minutes. It has a quality
filter. It has scoring signals based on
a number of different parameters. It's
connected to Superbase to make sure the
tweets don't get repeated. It has a
scoring system. It integrates softmax
pics. Everything gets pushed to
Telegram. And I also have AI built in
there to help with responses. So there's
a fair amount going on. And then on top
of that, it also tracks like all of my
responses. So we can kind of have a
feedback loop. So this is like a
relatively, it's not super complicated,
but this isn't like a landing page we're
having it look at. So we're going to see
what codeex comes back with when we do
an adversarial review on the code for
this, right? So let's see how it does.
So we'll keep it pretty open to
interpretation. So we're telling Codeex,
take a look at the codebase and let me
know what you think. And the first thing
it does is it tells us, hey, we're going
to estimate the review size to determine
the best mode. And then from there, it
says, hey, do you want to run it in the
background or do you just want to wait
for the results? So, we're just going to
wait for the results. And it's telling
us the review scope includes the full
codebase plus nine working tree changes,
one modified file, eight unttracked
files. So, it knows there's a kind of
there's a lot it needs to take a look
at. And while that's working, let's talk
about how adversarial review is actually
working. So, we just kind of saw the
first four parts, right? It parsed the
arguments. We didn't pass any flags, so
it's just going off its default
settings. And then it estimated the
review size, resolved the target, and
collected some context. That was all
that text about, hey, you know, we have
these unttracked changes, and this is
going to take a while. Now, after those
first four steps, it's then going to
build the adversarial prompt. And
there's seven attack surfaces it's going
to pay special attention to. That's
authentication, data loss, rollbacks,
race conditions, degraded dependencies,
version skew, and observability gaps.
Right? So like seven things that are
somewhat under the surface that could
really screw us if we try to push this
to production and we don't have a handle
on. From there it's going to send all
that information back to the open AI
server so Codex can take a look at it.
And then it will give us our structured
JSON output. We should expect it to look
something like this, right? And it will
give us some sort of severity of its
findings, right? Versus critical, high,
medium, and low as well as
recommendations and next steps. But all
you have to do is sit there inside of
Clawed Code and wait for the response.
So Codeex came back with four issues
with our codebase and all of them had a
severity of high and I pasted this over
to Excal so it's a little easier for us
to go through it. So for each one of
these it gives us the severity, the
area, the actual issue, the files as
well as the actual lines of code we need
to take a look at and then importantly
like what's the actual impact here as
well as the fix. So number one it's
saying we had an issue with our deadup
logic. Number two was how we were
dealing with Telegram polling. Third was
our schema drift. And then lastly was
our actual dashboard build. So this is
actually relatively important stuff and
luckily it doesn't look like the fixes
would be too difficult to implement. But
what I'm interested in is okay, this is
what Codeex gave us. What would Claude
give us if we asked for a similar, you
know, sort of adversarial review on its
own codebase? because I think that would
be kind of enlightening to see them
head-to-head and like what Codeex really
does differently than the other cuz for
all we know they're exactly the same and
this whole video was pointless. So I'm
now having Opus run the same sort of
adversarial code review. I had Codeex
come up with particular prompt. So
essentially it's just saying hey I want
you to challenge the implementation and
the design choices. Here's some things I
want you to evaluate and then here's the
sort of output format. So let's see what
it comes back with. And so here's the
results broken down. So first of all,
they did have one shared finding. So
they both agreed that the telegram issue
was a problem. So this was the one issue
that they both found and that they said
was either high or critical. Codex said
it was just high and then Opus said it
was critical. Now Opus itself found
seven other additional issues ranked
high or critical that Codex didn't. Now
we're not saying that just by virtue of
saying there's more issues that Opus was
necessarily better than Codeex. Just
pointing out it found seven things we
might want to look at that Codex didn't.
Then obviously on the flip side, we
found three issues with Codeex that Opus
missed. So what does this mean? If we
kind of look at this in totality, does
this mean Opus is better than Codeex
because it found more or that Codeex is
better than Opus because it narrowed
down on four and didn't take us onto a
weird path? I think what you draw from
this is kind of whatever you want to
draw from this. And that probably is
that there is kind of value of having
these two systems. Look at it, right?
It's a second pair of eyes versus having
opus grade opus all the time. You know,
there is some sort of fundamental flaw I
think with having the same AI system do
the planning, the generating, and the
evaluating. And if we're able to very
easily bring in codecs, especially at
its price point, to even just do things
like this, like an adversarial review,
again, that's like one of the great AI
coding like on the margin plays, which
again is like why not, you know, if
you're already paying for chat GBT, if
you're already paying the 20 bucks a
month and I can now bring in this and
kind of have Codex just take a look at
anything this simply, like
what's the downside to this really? I
mean, I don't think in a quick test like
this we're going to have any definitive
answer like oh Codex is better versus
Opus. And I think that whole
conversation sort of misses the point.
This is just like one more tool in our
toolbox and now we can use it. So I
think this is great. Now we can get way
more specific with adversarial review as
well because our prompt was pretty just
like open and out there and it was able
to interpret it in a lot of different
ways. But just based off of the GitHub
examples, right, you can get pretty
specific about what you want codecs to
look at. So overall, I think this is a
great addition to the claude code
ecosystem. The more tools, the better.
Especially if you're someone who either
A is already paying for ChatG or B is
like on the Anthropic Pro plan and then
maybe you are paying for Chad GBT. 100
bucks a month might be a little much,
200 bucks might certainly be too much.
Like this almost gives us like this
middle ground between the $20 sub and
the $100 sub because real Codex really
is a great value play. So definitely
check it out. Super easy setup. Let me
know what you thought. And as always,
I'll see you